# Comp491 Project

  Our concept is to offer a new branch and a new solution to the online shopping system, which can be easily accessed by everyone, by making a huge explosion in the world, especially during the corona epidemic, when people cannot leave their homes. We can shop instantly from different cities and countries and reach the product within days. This system may have existed for a very long time, but people could not trust it and the appropriate environment was perhaps not fully formed. In the last two years, online shopping has increased both in our country and in the world. As a result, many new websites and new sales brands emerged. but i still think there is something missing. Today there is a car rental site, or there are scooter rental applications that we see on the road every day, people can go to a tailor to dress at weddings and parties and rent a dress, so why not a comprehensive site like Amazon or Trendyol to rent products. On the website we want to build, people will be able to access a wide range of products. It can be not just a car or clothes, but a game or a bag. In fact, if there is someone who wants to rent a book that will be used by a student a year with long-term rental offers, we can bring these two people together. As a result of my research, it seems that this need exists especially in the TV series and film industry, in the education industry, and in the entertainment industry. At the point where this becomes a necessity, we organise a website to make up for this deficiency.

  Our main goal in this project is not to finish the solution immediately, but to design what we can do as computer engineers. While doing this project, the most obvious thing that computer engineers can do, of course, is to make a website and present it to people visually. For this reason, we are considering using JavaScprit, as a result of our research we have found that JavaScrpit is the ideal way to write a website. In addition to the coding of our website, we are considering switching between pages on our site and making different entries within the site with HTMLs. For example, logging in, offering to rent a product, making a listing.

  In addition to the content of our project, there are some problems that we expect to encounter in our project. Security is an example of this, even if people trust us, how will they trust the person in front of them and give their product, or how they will rent the product by believing that it is the product they are looking for. Although this is not one of the problems that we will deal with directly as computer engineers, it may be necessary to conduct different research in different branches. Because this project is an entrepreneurship project that needs development in the field of marketing.
